the wrestler the big show announced to the
fans last night during the recordings
of the blue friday brand program
night 'smackdown than daniel branne
will need a new surgery
the giant looked for the fans
they started to chant yes yes yes to
record a video and send it to daniel
Bryan as support in his recovery from
moment we do not know when it will take
out surgery for danielito ni
not when he could be back
daniel branne was yesterday with
brief already darren young and rené the young in
a manifestation against harassment
school in san francisco
the twin published the following image in
the poor social network bryant his career
he was the best and this happens to him
let's hope he comes back soon
that we knew about roman ratings is that
it was announced to appear in royal
rumble wwf announced yesterday that
roman ratings will be present in the
shows to be held on the 26th and 28th of
December in Chicago and Pittsburgh
respectively
it has been announced that reigns will face
a cane in both shows is the first show
in which rating is announced from its
Last participation in the month of
September remember that the wwf
reported that roman reigns would be
present in the pay per view survivor
series although it could be a mistake to
Easy publication can appear in
Survivor series would not make much effort
It would be great if he gets to fight in this
event as part of the team the
superheroes I said that I would love
see that superhero versus the authority
and apparently it's going to meet good
friends this was the news of the day
if they liked to support him with a little hand
up subscribe to the channel if you are new
to keep receiving news daily
comment that fight we eliminate the one that wins
I will upload the complete fight in Spanish and hd
in my facebook group that will be in
the description there are already a couple of fights
from previous eliminations and if you want
find out about the videos just upload it or
you do not want to miss any of the
eliminations you can download my
application for google chrome or firefox
they will have in the description thank you very much
for your support until next time